README.md, before:

# Develop your Eclipse Velocitas vehicle application

## About

In this hack challenge, you develop your vehicle application using Eclipse Velocitas. You start by setting up a seat adjuster example and then extend it with individual ideas.
The seat adjuster showcases how to create a vehicle application that senses and actuates signals in a vehicle through Eclipse Kuksa and the Vehicle Signal Specification (VSS). It runs on Eclipse Leda, and we use Eclipse Velocitas for the development.

Finally there will be a suitcase with a real seat motor where you can deploy your app and see if the seat will move.

![Suitcase](images/seatSuitcase.png)

## Need to know

We intend this hack challenge for people who are new to the concepts of the technologies mentioned before. Because of that, we do not assume prior knowledge, but some experience with running Docker containers is helpful.

## Hack-Coaches

- Sven Jeroschewski
- Markus Petke
- Lukas Mittag
- Björn Hornburg
- Serhii Korchynskyi

## Template Setup

To set up the template, follow the explanation for the [Seat Adjuster in Eclipse Leda](https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/app-deployment/seat-adjuster/). In the end, you should have a copy of the Eclipse Velocitas Template repository with the seat adjuster example where you can start to develop your application.
The seat adjuster evolves around setting the signal: `Vehicle.Cabin.Seat.Row1.Pos1.Position` from the Vehicle Signal Specification (VSS). To develop other applications, you, therefore, need to find the matching signal. The [signal catalog of digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/model/STLWzk1WyqVVLbfymb4f/cvi/list) is  helpful here. You can also use this catalog to ideate on further applications.

## all necessary links

- Seat Adjuster documentation: https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/app-deployment/seat-adjuster/

- Introduction to the underlying concept for SDV: https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/general-usage/sdv-introduction/

- Eclipse Velocitas Template Repository: https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template

- Vehicle Signal Specification: https://covesa.github.io/vehicle_signal_specification/introduction/overview/

Commit message:

adds architecture and example hacks

README.md, after:

# Develop your Eclipse Velocitas vehicle application

## About

In this hack challenge, you develop your vehicle application using Eclipse Velocitas. You start by setting up a seat adjuster example and then extend it with individual ideas. For instance, you may allow the delivery of packages to your trunk, or create individualized welcome sequences when the driver approaches the vehicle.

The seat adjuster showcases how to create a vehicle application that senses and actuates signals in a vehicle through Eclipse Kuksa and the Vehicle Signal Specification (VSS). It runs on Eclipse Leda, and we use Eclipse Velocitas for the development.

![Seat Adjuster Architecture](./images/seatAdjusterArchitecture.png)

Finally there will be a suitcase with a real seat motor where you can deploy your app and see if the seat will move.

![Suitcase](images/seatSuitcase.png)

## Need to know

We intend this hack challenge for people who are new to the concepts of the technologies mentioned before. Because of that, we do not assume prior knowledge, but some experience with running Docker containers is helpful.

## Hack-Coaches

- Sven Jeroschewski
- Markus Petke
- Lukas Mittag
- Björn Hornburg
- Serhii Korchynskyi

## Template Setup

To set up the template, follow the explanation for the [Seat Adjuster in Eclipse Leda](https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/app-deployment/seat-adjuster/). In the end, you should have a copy of the Eclipse Velocitas Template repository with the seat adjuster example where you can start to develop your application.
The seat adjuster evolves around setting the signal: `Vehicle.Cabin.Seat.Row1.Pos1.Position` from the Vehicle Signal Specification (VSS). To develop other applications, you, therefore, need to find the matching signal. The [signal catalog of digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/model/STLWzk1WyqVVLbfymb4f/cvi/list) is  helpful here. You can also use this catalog to ideate on further applications.

## all necessary links

- Seat Adjuster documentation: https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/app-deployment/seat-adjuster/

- Introduction to the underlying concept for SDV: https://eclipse-leda.github.io/leda/docs/general-usage/sdv-introduction/

- Eclipse Velocitas Template Repository: https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template

- Vehicle Signal Specification: https://covesa.github.io/vehicle_signal_specification/introduction/overview/
